# Smartpay Fuse - simple Flex Microform example

This repo contains a simple HTML page that uses the Smartpay Fuse Flex Microform SDK to tokenize a payment card. The resulting "Transient Token" can then be passed safely through your back-office systems and used in the Smartpay Fuse REST API to process a sale.  

> IMPORTANT: a note on PCI: Handling plain cardholder data in your systems will bring you in to scope of significant PCI overheads (SAQ D requirement) so it is important to handle customer card details in a PCI safe way. The JWT transient token output of a Flex Microform integration can be safely passed through your back-office systems as it doesn't itself contain cardholder data, but merely represents it.  

## About Flex Microforms
Flex Microform is the [Smartpay Fuse hosted field solution](https://developer.smartpayfuse.barclaycard/barclays/quick-start-guides/hosted-fields.html). It allows you to temporarily tokenise card data, generating a *transient token* that can be used in Smartpay Fuse REST API payment processing calls.

The following steps comprise the Microform step of a transaction:

1. **A server-side request**: requires a call from your back-end to Smartpay Fuse to generate a signed JWT, called the “capture context”. See the example capture context request in the [go-try-it.com Smartpay Fuse Postman Collection](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/6354187/2s93RTRsZC#33ea5078-4bb3-43c8-b318-6ea0b2558116). Once generated, the capture context can be passed to your front end application and used to prime a Smartpay Fuse supplied client side JavaScript library.  
   
2. **Client-side implementation (*HTML example in this repo*)**: The capture context generated in step 1 contains a URL reference to a client side JavaScript library. Decode the JWT returned from step 1 (e.g. for test purposes use [jwt.io](https://jwt.io/)) and note the path identified under `ctx.data.clientLibrary`. Your implementation will need to do this programmatically when receiving the capture context generated in step 1 and reference the `clientLibrary` as a `<SCRIPT>` in your HTML. This library is initialised with the “capture context” generated by your server-side request (step 1) and renders iFrames within the HTML form placeholder elements to capture sensitive cardholder data. On-page submission the JavaScript library will use the capture context and field contents to generate a PCI safe “Transient Token” that represents the cardholder details. 
   
3. **Use the Transient Token**: pass the transient token representing the cardholder details to your service and make API calls to progress a transaction using the token. Use the transient token to make standard REST API calls to Smartpay Fuse 

## Using the simpleflex.html example
This is a simple one-page example showing how to use the Capture Context that you generated from your back-end (step 1), see the [go-try-it.com Smartpay Fuse Postman Collection example](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/6354187/2s93RTRsZC#33ea5078-4bb3-43c8-b318-6ea0b2558116). 

Steps to use this sample:

1. Clone this repo 
2. Set-up your webserver to serve `simpleflex.html`; either on your own cloud based hosting - or `localhost`.
3. Use the go-try-it.com [Create (v2) capture context] (https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/6354187/2s93RTRsZC#33ea5078-4bb3-43c8-b318-6ea0b2558116) request to create a Flex Microform Capture Context JWT
   1. Note 1: be sure to update `targetOrigins` in your version of `simpleflex.html` to match the full path URL where you host the page
   2. Note 2: the URL scheme can *only* be `http` for `localhost`, if hosting `simpleflex.html` somewhere other than `localhost` then you *must* use `https`
4. Clone this repo
5. Take Capture Context JTW returned from [Create (v2) capture context] (https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/6354187/2s93RTRsZC#33ea5078-4bb3-43c8-b318-6ea0b2558116) and update the initialisation value of `captureContext` in `simpleflex.html` with the Capture Context JWT 
   
```
var captureContext = 'YOUR CAPTURE CONTEXT JWT GOES HERE';
```

6. Deploy `simpleflex.html` to your hosting location
7. Load the page in a browser

On clicking `submit`, all being well, the page will use the `<SCRIIPT>` referenced JavaScript library to tokenize the payment card details and generate a TRANSIENT TOKEN. You can then use the Transient Token in any REST REQUEST.

> NOTE: a Transient Token is short lived and is only valid for 15 minutes. 
